# GIS Interest Group: Meeting 05

## July 14, 2015 11:30AM - 12:30AM Pacific (02:30PM - 03:30PM Eastern, 03:00PM - 03:30PM Atlantic)

## Agenda

1. Call for Agenda Items
2. Scheduling for the Islandora GIS Interest Group
  1. Presence of the Islandora GIS Interest Group at the Islandora Conference
    1. _Call for Volunteers_
  2. Next Meeting
    1. August 14, 2015
3. Status of the Vagrant Environments
  1. Capturing feedback
  2. Intersection with the DevOps Interest Group
4. Fedora Commons 4 and the Portland Common Data Model
  1. Identifying deliverables for the community
    1. _Conceptual data models?_
    2. The status of the Islandora 2.x code base
  2. Capturing use cases on GitHub
  3. Discussing Object metadata within the context of Fedora 4.x

## Attendees
* [James Griffin](https://github.com/jrgriffiniii) (Lafayette College Libraries)
* [Kim Pham](https://github.com/kimpham54) (University of Toronto Scarborough Library)
* [Peter MacDonald](https://github.com/petermacdonald) (Hamilton College)

## Notes

## Other Business
